Backport of Add ECS audit logging docs into release/1.12.x (#13859)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/terraform/secure-configuration.mdx

### Enable secure deployment

> Add the following configurations to enable secure deployment.

Reviewer: I don't know that it is clear that the following configuration is an example/template. Maybe we should say something like "Add the configurations described in the [Secure configurations table] to secure your deployment. You can copy the following example and make adjustments as necessary."
We would need to add a header to the table to link to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable secure deployment, add the following configuration to the task module.
```

Reviewer 2: Adding this change to maintain consistency between main and this branch.

| `acls`                      | boolean  | If true, ACLs are enabled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `consul_http_addr`          | string   | The Consul server address. Required when `acls = true` in order to log in to Consul's AWS IAM auth method to obtain ACL tokens.                                                                                                            |
| `consul_https_ca_cert_arn`  | string   | (optional) The Secrets Manager secret containing the CA cert for HTTPS communication with Consul servers. Required if the server's certificate is self-signed or signed by an internal CA. This is not required for Consul servers in HCP. |

> | `audit_logging`             | boolean  | <EnterpriseAlert inline /> (optional) If true, ACL audit logging is enabled.                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `audit_logging` | boolean | <EnterpriseAlert inline /> (optional) If true, ACL audit logging is enabled. Consul client is configured to print audit logs to `stdout`. |
```

Reviewer 2: Adding this change to maintain consistency between main and this branch.
